Windows/Client Management: Note blob format typo correction (#8278)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/client-management/troubleshoot-tcpip-netmon.md

In this topic, you will learn how to use Microsoft Network Monitor 3.4, which is a tool for capturing network traffic.

> [!NOTE]
> Network Monitor is the archived protocol analyzer and is no longer under development. **Microsoft Message Analyzer** is the replacement for Network Monitor. For more details, see [Microsoft Message Analyzer Operating Guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/message-analyzer/microsoft-message-analyzer-operating-guide).

> To get started, **run NM34_x64.exe**(we are leaving this page available for those who have downloaded the tool previously). When you install Network Monitor, it installs its driver and hooks it to all the network adapters installed on the device. You can see the same on the adapter properties, as shown in the following image.

Reviewer: Thank you for merging my previous suggestion. Due to the download being available again, I believe we can revert to the original text in this sentence:
```suggestion
To get started, [download and run NM34_x64.exe](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=4865). When you install Network Monitor, it installs its driver and hooks it to all the network adapters installed on the device. You can see the same on the adapter properties, as shown in the following image.
```

> > [Note]

Reviewer: There is still a possible use for this PR, although that requires renaming the title to something like
**Windows/Client Management: Note format adjustment**
```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
```
